vm: Add documentation (#3290)
dusk-network/rusk: vm/README.md

[![Repository](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-rusk--abi-blueviolet?logo=github)](https://github.com/dusk-network/dusk-vm)
[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-rusk--abi-blue?logo=rust)](https://docs.rs/dusk-vm/)

# Dusk VM

The Dusk VM is a virtual machine designed for **Dusk**, enabling secure and efficient execution of smart contracts, state transitions, and cryptographic operations tailored for zero-knowledge-based applications.

> It serves as the execution core of the Dusk Blockchain, leveraging advanced cryptographic primitives and frameworks to support private and scalable decentralized applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It serves as the execution engine of the Dusk Blockchain, leveraging advanced cryptographic primitives and frameworks to support privacy-preserving, compliant and scalable decentralized applications.
```
